clarity updates (#5152)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/customize-authz-server/main/index.md

If you have an [Okta Developer Edition](https://developer.okta.com/signup/) account, you already have a custom authorization server created for you called `default`. If you renamed this custom authorization server, there’s an additional `Default` label to help identify the default authorization server created out of the box.

For simple use cases the default custom authorization server should suffice. If your app has requirements such as requiring more scopes or customizing rules for when to grant scopes, then you another authorization server.

> See the [Authorization servers](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#which-authorization-server-should-you-use) concept for more information on the types of authorization servers available to you and what you can use them for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Authorization servers](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#which-authorization-server-should-you-use) concept for more information on the types of authorization servers that are available to you and what you can use them for.
```

2. On the **Authorization Servers** tab, select **Add Authorization Server** and enter the **Name**, **Audience**, and **Description** for the authorization server.

  > **Note:** When a custom authorization server creates an access token, you must define the **Audience** property. This property must match the `aud` claim that's returned during access token validation. The **Audience** property should be set to the URI for the OAuth 2.0 resource server that consumes the access token. Use an absolute path such as `https://api.example.com/pets`. This value is used as the default [audience](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3) for access tokens.

When you finish, the authorization server's **Settings** tab displays the information that you provided. If you need to [edit any of the information](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/AuthorizationServer/), such as [Signing Key Rotation](/docs/concepts/key-rotation/), click **Edit**.

## Create access policies

> Access policies are containers for rules. Each [access policy](/docs/guides/configure-access-policy/) applies to a particular OpenID Connect app. The rules that the policy contains define different access and refresh token lifetimes depending on the nature of the token request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access policies are containers for rules. Each [access policy](/docs/guides/configure-access-policy/) applies to a particular OpenID Connect (OIDC) app. The rules that the policy contains define different access and refresh token lifetimes depending on the nature of the token request.
```

1. In the Admin Console, go to **Security** > **API**.
1. On the **Authorization Servers** tab, select the name of an authorization server.
1. Select **Access Policies**, and then **Add Policy**.
1. Enter a **Name** and a **Description** for the policy.

> 1. Assign the policy to **All clients** or select **The following clients:** and enter the name of the Okta OpenID Connect apps that are covered by this access policy. This field auto-completes the names of your OpenID Connect apps as you type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Assign the policy to **All clients** or select **The following clients:** and enter the name of the OIDC apps that are covered by this access policy. This field auto-completes the names of your OIDC apps as you type.
```

## Test the authorization server

> After you set up and customize your authorization server, test it. Make a request using any one of the API calls that returns OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you set up and customize your authorization server, test it. Make a request using any one of the API calls that returns OAuth 2.0 and OIDC tokens.
```

### OpenID Connect configuration

> You can send an API request to the server's OpenID Connect Metadata URI. This request verifies that your server was created and has the expected configuration values: `https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/{authorizationServerId}/.well-known/openid-configuration` using an HTTP client or by typing the URI inside a browser. This returns information about the OpenID configuration of your authorization server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can send an API request to the server's OIDC Metadata URI. This request verifies that your server was created and has the expected configuration values: `https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/{authorizationServerId}/.well-known/openid-configuration` using an HTTP client or by typing the URI inside a browser. This returns information about the OIDC configuration of your authorization server.
```

### Test an OpenID Connect flow

To test your authorization server more thoroughly, you can try a full authentication flow that returns an ID token. To do this, you need a client app in Okta with at least one user assigned to it.

For more information you can read about:

- [Create OIDC app integrations using AIW](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_Apps_App_Integration_Wizard-oidc)
- [Assign applications to users](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext-assign-apps)

> You need the following values from your Okta OpenID Connect app, both of which can be found on your app's **General** tab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need the following values from your OIDC app, both of which can be found on your app's **General** tab:
```

- Client ID
- A valid Redirect URI

> After you have an OpenID Connect app set up, and a user assigned to it, you can try the authentication flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have an OIDC app set up, and a user assigned to it, you can try the authentication flow.
```

Add the following URL query parameters to the URL:

> - Your OpenID Connect app's `client_id` and `redirect_uri`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your OIDC app's `client_id` and `redirect_uri`
```

`https://{yourOktaDomain}/login/login.htm?fromURI=%2Foauth2%2Fv1%2Fauthorize%2Fredirect%3Fokta_key%aKeyValueWillBeHere`

> Enter the credentials for a user who is mapped to your OpenID Connect app, and you’re directed to the `redirect_uri` that you specified. An ID token and any state that you defined are also included:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter the credentials for a user who is mapped to your OIDC app, and you’re directed to the `redirect_uri` that you specified. An ID token and any state that you defined are also included:
```
